VAULT-36166 Deprecate counters/tokens api in Docs (#30591)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/deprecation/internal-counters-tokens-api.mdx

## Internal counters tokens API ((#internal-counters-tokens-api))

> | Announced | Expected end of support | Expected removal |
> | :-------: | :---------------------: | :--------------: |
> | N/A       | MAY 2025                | N/A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Announced | Expected end of support | Expected removal |
| :-------: | :---------------------: | :--------------: |
| MAY 2025  | MAY 2025                | MAY 2025
```

"N/A" isn't appropriate. We're basically basically announcing the deprecation, ending support, and removing it all at the same time.

> The `/sys/internal/counters/tokens` endpoint, which returns the number of tokens 
> in a Vault cluster, is deprecated and will not longer be supported after May 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault no longer supports the `/sys/internal/counters/tokens` endpoint, which
returned the number of tokens in a Vault cluster.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, we don't need to specify the EOL date in the text since it's already in the table
